{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1503;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb\par
\par
When I first played this game on Xbox, I loved it immediately. I've always been a huge Indy fan, so when this game came out and finally did the series justice I was in heaven. Indy, who is voiced by a remarkably accurate voice actor controls like a dream. The fighting system is excellent, with Indy throwing punches, using guns, broken items from the environment, and of course his trademark bullwhip to put a hurtin' on those damn Nazis. This game is everything Tomb Raider ever aspired to be, only 100 times better, which comes as no surprise since Tomb Raider has always been a big Indiana Jones ripoff anyway. With great gameplay, one of the best characters of all time, and an awesome John Williams soundtrack, how could this game go wrong? \par
\par
Beavis and Butthead Virtual Stupidity\par
\par
I'm not a big PC gamer to tell the truth... I'll play a PC game here or there, but by and large I lean toward console games. However, there are just some genres than the PC just seems better suited for, with point and click adventures being pretty high on that list. Virtual Stupidity is one of the best point and clicks I have ever played, and it makes excellent use of the Beavis and Butthead licence. This game is so hilarious, I still remember and get a good laugh out of jokes in it even though I haven't played it in a few years. Playing virtual stupidity is literally like playing a Beavis and Butthead episode, complete with B&B ripping on videos. With deep puzzles, hilarious situations, fun mini-games, and characters like Beavis and Butthead, you'd have to be a total dillweed not to play this game.\par
\par
Heroes of Might and Magic 2\par
\par
Heroes of Might and Magic 2 is by far and away my favorite computer game of all time. A turn based strategy game with tons of different types of creatures to command castles to conquer, HOMAM 2 never seems to get old. It also has a beautiful symphonic and operatic music score and great ambiant noises in the background that really pull you into the game. I love the colorful sprite based graphics in HOMAM 2 far more than the bland washed out 3D characters in HOMAM 3 and 4, and prefer the gameplay in part two compared to its successors as well. Even though this game is now a good 10 years old, I'll never stop playing it. What a great game.\par
\par
Doom (Original Series)\par
\par
Aaaah Doom, how I love these games.There is no real thought to playing doom, other than finding the right colored key and then taking it to the right colored door. However, I don't play Doom when I'm in a thoughtful mood, I play Doom when I'm in the mood to blast the shit out of everything in my path. I can't think of a more intense and mindlessly fun first person shooter than Doom and Doom 2. I loved everything about these games from the level design, to the gradually increasing strength of the enemies, to the soundtrack, to the sweet sweet sound of the shotgun being cocked. At one time, Doom was the pinnacale of gaming, and poor console owners were fed half-assed version after half-assed version of it while PC gamers smugly played their perfect versions. The world has changed a lot since then, but even now, I'll play classic Doom over almost any FPS out there today.\par
\par
Unreal Tournament (Lan Play)\par
\par
Unreal Tournement was an odd game... while it bored the heck out of me in its single player mode, when my coworkers and I would get about 20 people playing it on the company LAN, I went beserk. Never before had I experienced such a frenetic game... explosions echoed all around me while the announcer would boom out things like "Head Shot" "Rampage" and "Killing Spree". The graphics were exceptionally well polished, and the weapons were well thought out with great primary and secondary attacks. With tons of options to tweak the gameplay, we played UT for months, and it never lost its thrill. Man I loved playing this game.\par
\par
-Fun Fact: One day I was playing this on the LAN at my work while an important client was visiting us. It was after hours, so I wasn't too concerned about the client hearing us playing. I turned a corner in the game and came face to face with another character so I blasted his ass to smithereens. Then I found him a few minutes later and killed him again. I began talking a ton of shit as I kept easily killing this guy, never realizing that he was the client, who was a big game fan as well. Luckily he took it well and I didn't endanger our contract with my big mouth... I'm normally a calm guy, but Unreal Tournament seemed to bring out an animal side of me when I played it. What fun!\par
\par
Sid Meier's Pirates - Live the Life\par
\par
I played Pirates on Xbox, but it is pretty much the same on PC. You begin the game as a lowly deck hand after your family was captured by an evil pirate. After getting your own ship, you are free to do whatever you want... pursue revenge, sack cities, attack ships heavy with gold and wealth, declare your own personal war on another nationality, even romance the beautiful daughters of city governers. It may seem basic at first, but Pirates is one of those games that makes you keep saying "I'll just do one more thing" until the next thing you know it's morning and you haven't even been to bed yet. Few games have consumed me as thouroughally than I was when I was playing Pirates, and for inspiring that kind of obesession, Pirates definitely deserves a place on this list. \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
